[SOUND] Now, I'm going to start looking at
[UNKNOWN] and how to debug that.
So, if you open up the debug.py, and then
we can start looking at the code.
So, it's simple enough, it's 1, 2 and 3
and then a fourth option on which the
user puts in a value of their own, and now
we've got a total which is 1 + 2 + 3 + 4.
All the values there upon and then we
print the total out.
So, it's very simple and as you can see,
Python has shown us an error here.
Not Python, sorry, Eclipse has shown us
this error.
However, if we run this error, you'll
notice that it
doesn't actually get called upon as being
a syntax error.
This is what we call a runtime error,
because it's not an
actual error with the code as such, it's
nothing wrong with the code.
It is something which only we'll notice
when it's actually
running through the code and therefore
it's an error upon runtime.
And so, if we put any extra value as being
5 press Enter, you'll see we get something
called a traceback.
Now traceback, is where it tells, it gives
us a list
of where all of the occurrences of this
problem might occur.
And because it's only going to occur once
here, it shows us that it's in line 6.
And so, it shows us also.
That there's a name, a name error and the
name second or
seocnd, which is what is typed in as that,
is not defined.
And so, we go back here and change the
lettering around.
And then, run it again.
Again put the value of 5 in there.
You'll see now, there again, something
which is called a type error.
Now, this is a [UNKNOWN] and the reason
for this, is simply
because I typed the 5 in there by accident
a second ago.
Save that again and run it.
And you'll see, now that we get int of 1,
4 unsupported operand.
Which is, this plus string.
So what we need to do, is put this as a
integer.
And to do that, just put int around the
word and run it again.
And we get the value of 16 being
outputted.
Which is 4 plus 5 which is 9 plus 2 which
is 11 plus 5 is 16.
And so, as you can see, it's working
properly now.
The reason why we have to put int around
here
is because we're getting input from the,
from the user.
And it's always going to be interpreted as
a string.
And so, we have to convert it to an
integer otherwise you can't add any number
to a string.
It doesn't work.
So, thank you for watching.
That's how you fix one time errors.
And I'll see you soon.
[SOUND]